Alternative Strategy

Strategy description
We had analysed the game and came up with an alternative strategy that uses a valuation function that evaluations the amount of 'space' that could be directly
controlled by our pieces. We hypothesised that many of our opponents would form branches from the legal moves of each of their pieces. Therefore, if we can control 
the number of legal moves that our opponents can make by limiting the amount of space they have to work with, we have a winning advantage. 

Description of spaces controlled
The spaces controlled by our pieces are the squares our pieces have current influence over, meaning the first square in each direction of the piece. 
We observed that there are certain structures or patterns of pieces that have a strong influence over the squares that they control.

Strong structures and patterns
Placing our pieces in certain configurations on the board can ensure that we have a strategic advantage from the start, we will start with the simplest and strongest 
structure:
	
	Knight:	- The knight pattern of pieces includes two or more pieces that have a manhattan distance of exactly 3 between each other. Its properties are also 
		  symmetric on any axis.
		
			For example:  O . . 
				      . . O
		
		- This configuration is strong due to the fact that no rational opponent would move into the middle column. This is due to the fact that we can
		  remove said piece in only one move.

		- It can also easily form chains between other pieces that create death zones for our opponents, which bolds well with our overall strategy of
		  controlling space. 

Game Strategy

Placing
By placing our pieces strategicly, we can have a 'space' advantage in the placing phase that would benefit us in the moving phase. We start forming the knight
pattern chains from the first move, ensuring that we prioritise the center as much as possible. Of course, any rational player would not place a piece next to
an opponent's as it can be taken with the opponents next move. 

Moving:
Now that we have equal if not more space than our opponent, start to maneuver our piece in a way that constantly prioritises the amount of space that is controlled.
In the moving phase, we do not prioritise kills unless it would result in equal or more spaces that are currently controlled. Hopefully, this practice would allow 
our pieces to be more strategicly placed compared to our opponent. We must note that this strategy depends on a cumulation of all the small space advantages that we
have cultivated. Hopefully, by the end of the game we would control a sufficient amount of space to be able to force our opponents into even worst positions.

Problems
Given the time constraints, we were not able to complete the code for this specific strategy. However, we would like to be able to submit it to the tournament to
test our strategy if it is permitted. The code that we are submitting on this strategy is uncommented and messy, but do take it as a genuine effort by us in developing
alternative strategies.  